Update log4shell.rst (#243)
wireapp/wire-docs: src/security-responses/log4shell.rst

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

* A mitigation for this with fresh on-premise installations is introduced in `<https://github.com/wireapp/wire-server-deploy/pull/526>`__

> * In principle, this article also applies to our cloud offering. In summary, we have no evidence that this vulnerability was used to launch an attack, and any undetected attack would require additional security vulnerabilities to be successful. Even the hypothetical risk has been eliminated now as described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We have of course fully applied the above counter measures to our cloud offering. We have no evidence that this vulnerability was used to launch an attack before this. Any hypothetical undetected attack would have required additional security vulnerabilities to be successful.
```
